matter: multi variant application OTA DFU (#9890)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/lock/README.rst

      D: 823 [DL]WiFiManager has been initialized

Device firmware upgrade over Matter with support for switching between Thread and Wi-Fi

> ==================================

Reviewer: This must be as long as the previous line, I believe.

Author: This already fixed.

To upgrade the device firmware, complete the steps from the *Device Firmware Upgrade over Matter* section in the :doc:`matter:nrfconnect_examples_software_update` tutorial of the Matter documentation.

> In the case of an application which supports switching between Thread and Wi-Fi you need to generate proper Matter OTA image file which needs to be advertised by Matter OTA Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the application supports switching between Thread and Wi-Fi, you need to make sure that the Matter OTA image file served by the OTA Provider includes two application variants: for Matter over Thread and Matter over Wi-Fi.
```
